Hello everyone, and
welcome to this section.
Here we'll be defining
what a bricked board is.
And so a bricked board is essentially
a board that doesn't work, and
currently we classify them in two types.
So there's a soft brick, and
as you can kind of surmise that a soft
brick would be a board whose software or
operating system is preventing it
from functioning or turning on.
>> And then there's a hard brick,
which is essentially something on the
board where the hardware is fried, whether
it's a component or just something's wrong
with the hardware components on the board.
And it's just preventing you
from even turning it on or
even accessing any of the software.
>> Now depending on
which kind of errors or
which kind of bricking your board is
currently facing, if you stayed tuned,
in the next section we'll give you
some troubleshooting problems,
some troubleshooting tips to perhaps
try to get it to work again.